# 20 is my lucky number

You want to know why? because I've tested more than 20 times to fix the blog in the upload method and the reaction buttons that I've stolen from the example portfolio. 

## Contributions

I think other than the colors and other stuff that is unique to this project, my contributions that I am proud of are stated below:

- I did manage to make a simple admin page that I can exploit to upload blogs directly. The blog_post list will update automatically with every upload. I know that it is not perfect (like showing the file context after the upload and you have to click the "back" button to go the admin page again). I like what I did with the alerts though. 

- I've sorted the blogs and the projects in reverse. 

- In the blog updating, the blog_posts diectionary is just getting updated and it will not scan the directory again, which is a cool feature I guess. Also, the blog_post dict only updates when there is an upload and not every time the blog opens. A little bit of caching. in the future, I want to cache the github projects as well

- In the projects page, you will see the projects which has been updated in the last 6 month and they are also in reverse chronological order

- I know some code refactoring is required. It doeas look like spaghetti. But I was really busy with packing stuff and buying ticket and etc to come the MUN in the September. I write most of the code in the last 3 days, which is apparent by the commmits that I've done.

## Final Words
I wanted to thank you all for this awesome bootcamp. I hope to meet you all in the September. 